- How to connect your NGROK application on your local to your NGROK web dashboard application
account? OR How to add authtoken to your NGROK account?
Ans: Open CMD >> Navigate to the folder where you have unzipped your NGRok app >> 
Use this commad on WINDOWS: ngrok authtoken <auth-token-copied-from-NGROk-WebApp>
When we run the above command the authtoken gets saved in ngrok.yml file in your local system.

- How to connect your NGROK app with the Jenkins server?
Ans: - Use the following command on Windows after navigating to the directory
in which NGROK is installed: ngrok http <port-number-on-which-Jenkins-is-running>. By
default the port number of Jenkins will be 8080. After you run this command your ngrok
proxy server will be launched with some details displayed about server.

- Once NGROK starts running it's URL is automatically redirected to the Jenkins URL with
port 8080. So, we could say that NGROK is indirectly running on Jenkins URL and port.



- How to add webhooks to a GitHub project repo?
Ans: Steps are as follows:
1. Login to the Github account
2. Go to your repository
3. Click the settings (not the account settings) tab under the same repository name
4. On settings page go to webhooks page by clicking the same link on the
    left navigation panel.
5. Click Add webhook.
6. Go to the CMD page where NGROK proxy details are displayed after running.
7. Copy the NGROK URL in the "forwarding" row just before the arrow symbol
   ( it will be something like https://bf1a-157-119-81-82.ngrok-free.app)
8. Provide this value in the payload URL field on the 
    Webhooks page: https://bf1a-157-119-81-82.ngrok-free.app/github-webhook
    ( The payload URL is combination of 2 things the URL copied from the NGROK
      details page in step 7 and the path /github-webhook/ appended just
      after the NGROK details page URL ).
9. Scroll to the section with heading "Which events would you like to trigger this webhook?"
    and Select the following radio button "Just the push event"
10. Keep the remaining selected values on the page as it is and click Add Webhook button.
11. Webhook should be added. 

--> In real-time projects the NGROK proxy server should be installed and configured on the same machine
where Jenkins is running. Otherwise there will be a lot of difficulty in connecting Jenkins and NGROK proxy.

--> What is the advantage of using NGROK proxy server in real-time projects?
Ans: In some projects the devOps or the senior dev team members don't give access to Jenkins at all because
every thing is setup and automated. So, if NGROK proxy is there we can just push the code to our GitHUb repo
and the webhook will capture and supply the push event to NGROKProxy which in turn will supply the same
event to the Jenkins that will trigger the Job(s) automatically. So, in this case we don't access to Jenkins and 
run the job manually. Instead NGROK proxy will supply the event to Jenkins and run the jobs automatically.

[REMEMBER]: The webhooks are always created on a specific branch not the whole repository. So, if you are on
a feature branch and go to the settings tab under repository section and configure webhooks there they will
always capture the event from the feature branch only not from every branch.

[IMPORTANT]: If you disconnect or terminate your ngrok proxy server using ctrl + c and it's giving you
a different proxy URL on the ngrok proxy details page in CMD when you again start the server, then you have 
to update your webhook in github every time you terminate the server.
    





